>> You are listening to the
Timidity Mind Talk audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic suggestions
that help you reach
a deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
that you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and let go.
And really enjoy those peaceful
feelings and all the benefits
that come with it.
I'd like you now to
imagine that you're
in a beautiful garden
with colorful flowers
and immaculate manicured lawns.
The sun is shining, and
the sky is a clear blue.
The temperature is
just how you like it,
and there's a cool breeze.
There's no pollen
in the air at all,
and you feel happy
and comfortable
in the clean, fresh, pure air.
You take a look around you
at all the beautiful colors.
And you hear the sounds of
the birds singing overhead.
You're calm and relaxed here,
and you feel safe and secure.
And I'd like you now to
take in a deep breath.
And as you breathe out, you can
relax deeper and deeper now.
You take a gentle walk
around the garden,
and you're barefoot as you walk.
You can feel the lush
green grass underfoot,
and you walk towards
some beautiful flowers.
And as you get nearer, you can
smell that beautiful fragrant
scent.
The colors are magnificent,
and they grow brighter
as you approach them.
And now take in another
long, deep breath.
And as you inhale the
rich, fragrant scent,
you relax even deeper as
you exhale gently now.
You take another stroll
around the garden,
and you find a pathway
leading down to a beach.
You follow the path, stepping
down easily onto the wide steps
beneath you.
As you go deeper and deeper,
you relax more and more
with every step you take.
And you soon reach the
beautiful beach, which is empty.
And it has a golden sand
like a fine powder underfoot.
You enjoy the feeling of soft,
powdery sand beneath your feet.
And you take a look
out at the horizon.
You take in the
vastness of the sea,
and you watch as the waves
rhythmically roll in and out
again, one after the other.
Gentle rhythmic waves
rolling towards the beach
and back out again,
the sound of the waves
peaceful and reassuring.
You feel a sense
of calm and peace
as the sun gently shines down
on you with a warm sea air
gently sweeping over you.
As you walk across the
beach, you feel your feet
sinking further into the sand,
leaving a delicate footprint
behind you as you walk onwards,
relaxing deeper and deeper
with every step you take.
And as you reach the seas
edge, the waves gently rolling
in and out, you notice how
your feet sink deeper than
before into the wet sand.
You feel the water gently
lap at your ankles.
And it's warm and
inviting as you
let your toes test the water
with every wave that rolls in
and back out again.
And after a while
when you're ready,
you walk back up the beach.
And there's a lovely deck
chair waiting just for you
on the sand under an
umbrella, offering
just the right amount of shade.
You take a seat, and
you relax deeply now.
You take in a deep
breath and take
in your beautiful surroundings
as you gently exhale now.
You look out at the
calming sea again,
and you notice the sky, a clear
blue sky without a cloud in it.
And you're feeling so
relaxed now as you sit
and relax comfortably and
deeply in your deck chair.
As you rest in that chair,
you can allow your mind
to imagine a staircase.
A beautiful staircase
with polished ornate
banister running down alongside
a deep, rich carpet that
feels soft to the touch
underneath your bare feet.
As you look down the
stairs, you notice
that there are 10 steps
leading gently down.
10 steps leading
gently down and down.
And these are the steps
that will lead you
into deep relaxation,
giving you access
to that powerful
subconscious, allowing
you to make those changes
that you want to make today.
In a moment, I'd like you to
walk down those steps with me,
and I'll count them off
for you one at a time.
And you'll find that
the deeper down you go,
the more comfortable and the
more relaxed you'll become.
So when you're ready to
walk down the stairs,
I want you to gently place
your hand onto the banister,
and begin to slowly descend the
staircase as I count them off
from 10 to one.
10, deeply relaxed,
deeply comfortable.
Nine, deeply relaxed,
Eight, more and
more relaxed now,
sinking even further
into relaxation.
Seven, deeply comfortable,
feeling every muscle release
as you go deeper and deeper.
Six, five, even further into
your deep state of relaxation
now.
Four, allowing
your mind and body
to fully relax as you sink
further into deep relaxation.
Three, comfortable, heavy, any
tension completely gone now.
Two, almost at the bottom now.
Just one more step to go.
And one, going deeper
and deeper down now into
hypnosis, all the way down to
that deeper, healthier level
of mind.
Deeper than you've ever been.
And as you reach the
bottom of the staircase,
letting go of the
banister, you let
go of any worries or concerns.
This is your time, and you let
nothing bother or concern you
at all.
Nobody needs or wants
anything from you.
And you're now standing at the
bottom of those steps feeling
so very comfortable, very
relaxed and at peace.
You can allow those stairs and
the ordinary everyday world
to just fade away, further
and further away now.
As you sit deeply into the
comfortable relaxing state,
deeply inside of you,
your subconscious mind
is still fully alert and aware.
But you're ready for the
changes about to come.
And as you relax
deeper still, you
find your mind
expanding and opening up
to new thoughts and new ideas.
And your subconscious mind
is receptive and eager
to act upon the
suggestions that it
hears during this relaxing,
hypnotic experience.
In the past, or
maybe just recently,
you found it quite
difficult to approach others
in a calm and confident manner.
And you found yourself
being more shy and timid
than you would have liked.
But deep within, within
your subconscious mind,
you know that really, you're
just as good as anyone else.
There's no reason for
others not to welcome
your ideas, thoughts, and
actions with open arms.
Imagine yourself now, and you're
with colleagues or friends.
And you're feeling
confident and self-assured.
See yourself interacting
with others positively.
What would it be like if
you were so confident?
Imagine now how
you would behave,
how you would carry yourself.
See in your mind your
confident facial expression,
your self-assured posture.
Have a think about what your
inner monologue would be.
And you know it would be
filled with positivity
and affirmations.
This may be quite
a different picture
to the current
version of yourself,
but we're going to
change this here and now.
I'd like you to once again take
in a deep and powerful breath,
filling your lower
and upper lungs.
And take a long,
slow exhalation out,
allowing yourself
to relax deeply now.
And imagine yourself now
talking to others once again.
You're confident
and self-assured.
Notice your slow and
steady heart rate.
See how steady your hands are
and how smooth your voice is.
See yourself smiling,
calm, speaking out loud
to individuals or groups.
And it feels good
to imagine yourself
handling all kinds of social
situations positively.
You show genuine interest
in others, and they like it.
And conversations flow
easily and naturally.
And now, let's change the
visualization slightly
to imagine the shyness itself.
Picture what it's
like to be shy.
And what does shyness
mean to you specifically?
Have a think about whether
shyness means difficulty
in speaking to
others, or maybe it's
a feeling of
embarrassment in public,
or a tendency to be
quiet around people.
Have a think of what it means
to you to be shy for you
as an individual.
And you can overcome shyness.
And the most effective
way for overcoming shyness
is to challenge the
shyness by gently
facing head-on the
situations that
are most difficult for you.
But we'll do this now so
your mind has a rehearsal,
and you can allow
your confidence
to build up slowly but surely.
I'd like you now to picture
your most difficult situation,
the one where you
experience the most shyness.
Walk yourself through the
situation now in your mind.
Picture as many of the
details as you can.
What can you say?
Who is with you?
What can you smell?
What time of day is it?
And all the while,
still breathing
in and out, deep, calm
breaths, still deeply relaxed.
And see yourself
handling that challenge,
handling that situation,
facing directly the situation
in which you feel the most shy.
Picture the confident
version of yourself.
Picture that confident version
of yourself in that situation
you saw just a few moments ago.
And see yourself
facing a situation
where you felt shy in the past.
See that confident version
of yourself holding your body
language assuredly,
speaking to others,
holding yourself
confidently, and smiling
as you're enjoying the
attention that you're receiving.
It may just be a
small change that's
needed, whether
it's asking people
questions about
themselves or the way
you hold your new
confident body.
The value you now give yourself,
the confidence you're exuding.
But others are now
drawn to you, and you're
thrilled with the changes
you see taking place.
You're now overcoming
that old shyness.
You're no longer
that old shy person,
and you're able to handle
the situation positively,
with confidence.
And you no longer
welcome timidity.
Your mind has gone through
the mental rehearsal,
and you know that next time
you face that situation,
you can face it with
much more confidence.
You speak confidently
and clearly
as you know you're
valued, and you
respect what you have to say
to be heard and to be counted.
And you know that it's
normal to feel nervous.
And this same feeling
of nervousness
is also linked to excitement.
And you embrace it, for
you are a new person now,
and you're capable
and confident.
You're much stronger
and much more
capable of overcoming
shyness than you may realize.
So again, take a few
moments to mentally face
the situation where you
experience the most shyness.
Imagine your future self
now, a self who is not shy.
And see that this exact same
person is present already
within you.
You have a confident,
positive self within you just
waiting to come to the surface.
And imagine how
good it will feel
to overcome that shyness
from being filled
with a feeling of confidence.
Feeling confident
now, knowing you
will achieve self-assurance
and the ability
to interact with
others and feel great.
Overcoming shyness is possible,
and you are achieving it now.
Experience and absorb those
feelings of self-assurance
and calm right now.
And allow those
feelings to grow.
Enjoy how it feels to be
relaxed and confident.
And from this day
forward, you find
yourself feeling calmer, more
relaxed, and more confident
and fully at ease in the
company of others, maybe
socially or maybe at work.
And you begin to take a genuine
interest in other people.
And because you're becoming
more absorbed in others,
you become less and less
concerned with yourself
and how others perceive you.
And you know and recognize
that you're not necessarily
the focus of other
people's attention.
And the more focus you put on
them and what they have to say,
the less you focus
on yourself too.
If you do focus
inwardly, then you
remember not to
think negatively,
as that will only fuel
the feelings of timidity.
You immediately remind yourself
that you're valued, worthy,
enough, and that
you're confident.
From now on, your mental
inner monologue is positive.
No more negative self-talk.
You know that any time you're
about to face a situation where
you experience shyness,
you can recall this feeling
of confidence and relaxation
and experience this feeling
once again.
And you may find that
soon, maybe today
or maybe tomorrow, you feel
motivated and excited to face
a situation that's
challenging for you.
You're excited to
face these situations.
And you know that they may have
been challenging previously,
but you now embrace
those feelings
of confidence and calm.
And every time
you hear my voice,
these words will become
more and more profound.
And they feel right for you.
And these suggestions are deeply
embedded in your subconscious
mind, where they can grow
stronger and stronger
with each moment, each hour,
each day, week, and month
that passes.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind
and will become more
and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from one to five
to awaken you.
And at the count
of five, you will
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling fantastic,
bringing back with you all
the wonderful new feelings.
So coming back now.
One, two, three, four, and five.
Eyes open when you're ready.